[terra-date-picker] Update keyboard focus styling to not appear as two dates selected simultaneously (#994)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-date-time-picker/CHANGELOG.md

Unreleased
----------
### Changed

> * Updated wdio screenshots due to changes in react-datepicker colors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated wdio screenshots due to focus style changes in react-datepicker.
```

Author: Changed e4930e6

> 4.27.0 - (February 4, 2020)

Reviewer: Looks like this line should not be here.

Author: Oops, removed e4930e6

4.32.0 - (March 24, 2020)
------------------
### Changed

> * Updated wdio screenshots due to focus style changes in react-datepicker.

Reviewer 2: Move this entry to the unreleased section

Author: Moved 64aef1f
